hi youtube this is my first video and I
just kind of wanted to talk about what
I've got now what some of my plans are
from the future um currently I have just
these three tanks in my room and in
these two this one has a small male
crested gecko I believe his name is Roo
and then this cage has a much larger
female crested gecko named moose um he's
he's in a little smaller enclosure
because right now he doesn't really want
the big space whereas she's gotten a lot
bigger and she used to live in this one
before I got him but she was pretty big
so I decided it was time to get her a
larger cage um he is quite a bit smaller
right now and I'll show you him in a
little bit but uh I keep him on Rhetta
bark and he's always feeding on just the
crested gecko meal replacement powder so
is she but every once in a while I give
him some crickets just as a true treat
that I dust with a calcium and he has
this little guy here has a thermometer
and hygrometer both but stitch right
there on the door of his cage so I can
just look as I'm passing by make sure
he's warming off and if it's humid
enough then he's got a little high box
in there and he doesn't use it that much
and it's not really recommended for
crested geckos but I know my other gecko
really likes it she always goes into
hers to shed so this is his cage it's
just an all-glass exoteric cage um she
has a i'm not sure what brand hers was i
ordered it online but the bad thing
about it is it's an all screen cage and
crested geckos require more humidity
than a lot of reptiles um so I covered
most of the screen area with this
plastic stuff I think I'm going to get a
pane of glass for the top so then I can
put a heat lamp on top right now she
kind of shares this heat lamp with that
one um and then she is a small heat pad
on the bottom 24 at night and then her
hi box is in here too i'm not sure if
you can see that but i'll show you here
in a little bit too um this cage is a
really big one and it used to be a fish
tank in so there's some calcium buildup
on the side that will not come off no
matter how much i scrape but i'm going
to get a heat lamp to hang right in here
too and it's going to be an enclosure
for a blue-tongued skink hopefully i
haven't really brought that up with my
parents yet but i don't think my dad
will mine my mom maybe she's not such a
big big fan on reptiles but i still need
to get a little slate rock or whatever
to lay out in there for a basking spot
for him this is my squirt bottle that i
used to miss to this guy's cage and it's
not too bad since most of it is a glass
is glass but this cage is kept humid i
have this humidifier back here behind
the cage and you fill it with water and
then it hooks up to an air pump and it
pumps humid air into the enclosure and
so i put this stuff on here this plastic
wrap to keep in the humidity and it
works pretty well um I'll let you guys
have a look at the geckos them first
we'll look at rube the smaller one and
he is actually a Dalmatian kind of
pattern which is different from my other
one and he's really finicky he doesn't
like to be held too much but i'm working
on taming him right now it's summer so
i've got plenty of time i don't know if
you can see those spots on him but he's
got him all over up and down his back
there you go there's a pretty good view
of it yeah he's really finicky right now
but
yeah he likes getting up there next to
that heat lamp but so then that's his
cage and then here's mooses cage and she
just she's a lot more calm than he is
and she likes to just chillax do
whatever she is currently in her little
reptile hammock snoozing right now
that's what she does for a lot of the
day there's a little tree thing I put in
here and a bendable vine that runs all
over through the cage here is a little
hide box that I made for out of a little
Tupperware container and there's her
custody echo meal replacement powder and
up here I have the little fluker's
thermometer hygrometer and that's pretty
handy um I know what that looks like but
it's just plastic leaves from petsmart
so don't get any bad ideas and I think
she's pretty happy in this cage it's big
enough for her needs and I'm thinking of
maybe at the next reptile show looking
for an another adult gecko to maybe put
in with her and possibly get him
breeding because right now the other guy
is a little too small for that but I
think she weighs enough for it she's
about 30 grams right now or 30 ounces
sorry but so guess that's it